[esp32_camera] Add i2c_id documentation (#5010)
OttoWinter/esphomedocs: components/esp32_camera.rst

The ``esp32_camera`` component allows you to use ESP32-based camera boards in ESPHome that
directly integrate into Home Assistant through the native API.

> Requires an :doc:`/components/i2c` to be setup.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Requires an :doc:`/components/i2c` to be set up.
```
